var vs T in FoodRepository/DrinkRepository Update method?

Update methos in repos - replace object with new one, or update properties of existing one?

Remove all objects from repo list, or only first? Where is the uniqueness being handled in code or db?




In models do we include other objects, or only primitive types? how does it map to DB if we include other objects?

Still, regarding combining foods and drinks. I cannot do them in the ViewModel, because I would like them to manage as part of the order and then save them to DB? But not as itself, but as a link from an order.



Does Main call UI layer? Or does it call service layer, which calls UI layer as kinda helpers?

In your main you are creating a new repository. I imagine layers are kinda Main->UI/Service->Repository->DB. Isnt that jumping through layers a bit? If I have many repositories, I would not handle them from Main , would I?

UI layer should not have any interfaces, is that correct? Because it is not called from anywhere.


What would you normally start with - DB vs Models? Interfaces vs Implementation?

why use interfaces? when I use them as types in my service, how does c# pick the implementation (ANS: based on how you initialized and which implementation was called with new() keyword)? but then if there is a 1:1 relationship between interface and implementation, why use interfaces at all?




How do I read from file and create objects based on my models, when Models dont have a constructor? Creating by explicitly defining each attribute isnt it like super hard coupling? How would I create a new object anyway in the service to pass to a repository, when service should not do new() on models?



If i need to print some objects, like a list of tables, this creates a dependency from UI on the models. Is there a way to avoid it ?

If i create a screen from another screen, then it is like coupling of controllers. But on the other hand, if i just pass back some string value that will be used to determine which screen to show, then it is the same thing, just with extra steps. What is the best way to handle this?

It is also a bit weird that instead of order.add(food), I have to do orderService.addFood(order).

why interfaces dont have access modifiers?



//login
//create order, choose table
//add to order
//remove from order
//move order from one table to another
//pay order and close table